{
    "DeckName": "Diddy's Party",

    "DeckBy": "PapaDread",

    "Truths": [
      "What is your weirdest kink/turn-on?",
      "How many toys do you have?",
      "Storytime: Your first ERP session in VRChat",
      "Tell everyone your favorite way to be teased.",
      "Storytime: How did you find out about your first kink?",
      "Do you like someone in this room?",
      "Would you ever do anal? Yes or No and Why?",
      "Do you agree $20 is $20?",
      "On a scale of 1-10, How horny are you right now?",
      "Have you ever tasted your own cum?",
      "What is your longest edge session?",
      "How many times have you came in one day?",
      "have you ever masterbated to someone in this lobby, if so how many times?",
      "Are you on the cream team, or on the squirt team?",
      "have you imagined any of your sexual fantasies with anyone here?"
      "Who have you masterbated to the most in the lobby?
      "Describe your favorite toy to the group.",
      "Which 2 people in the room would you have a 3-way with?",
      "What is your favorite porn category?",
      "Would you become a sex slave for 24 hours?",
      "When was the last time you were blue-balled and how did it go?",
      "Have you ever had sexual fantasies of a friends parent?",
      "While ERPing, have you ever hidden the fact that you came early from you partner? If so, why?",
      "Explain your favorite kind of porn in detail.",
      "Tell your darkest secret to <player>",
      "What kind of meal would you share with <player>?",
      "What is your favorite place to have sex?",
      "lube or no lube?",
      "What is a kink you would try that you havent, and why?",
      "dm <player> a dick/pussy rating, IF A MINOR REROLL"
      "Slow and passionate or rough and ugly?",
      "Have you had a sexual fantasy about someone you shouldn't?",
      "Would you ever have phone sex with someone in this room?",
      "LETS GO INNOCENT!! Dream Date? And how would it go?"
      "Why do you think your favorite kink is your favorite? (other than the fact it’s pleasurable)",
      "If you could, would you become a pornstar?"
    ],
    "Dares": [
      "Go get your favorite toy(or hand if you dont have any) and watch a porn video of the lobby's choice and play with yourself till you cum...MIC ON ENTIRE TIME(GL ;)",
      "You and <player> will act like a couple for 2 rounds, get to flirting you two dirty whores!",
      "Pick a number from 1-50, in one round the closest one to get the number correct gets to choose 1-5 icecubes on or in your ass/pussy/balls(not in balls)",
      "COMMUNITY WATER BREAK, GET SOME HYDRATION IN(lube up lil bro, jk)",
      "Time to show your search history,videos included to 3 people of your choosing in this lobby. NO JUDGING ALLOWED",
      "Welp shit, ig you gotta piss on mic now ¯\_(ツ)_/¯",
      "Get yo holes ready, <player> and <player> will be making you slippery tonight and will do you however they prefer.",
      "Time to masterbate with your mic on, MIC ON. If you last untill the end of the rounds you may make your own dare for everyone else in the lobby.",
      "For now on, if you chicken out on a dare you must do a double dare"
      "LUCKY ROLL, your now invincible for 2 rounds, but cannot stop your dare if it last multiple rounds",
      "Revenge time!! You can make anyone you pick to do anything but remember...what goes around comes around. NO MERCY",
      "Hakari luck fr,skip 2 rounds",
      "begginers luck, free round skip",
      "Diddy's curse, you must do 3 dares ina row",
      "Get your popcorn, because your now immune to all dares for 2 rounds",
      "Cuddle buddy? You get to choose who to cuddle for 3 rounds, btw yourself is not included",
      "Your now everyones slave for 3 rounds,everything must be done with no bickering. If given an acceptiple excuse you may not do a command."
      "Choose a buddy, THEY WILL JOIN YOUR NEXT DARES FOR 3 ROUNDS MUHAHAHA",
      "you and a buddy you choose will have imortality for 1 round",
      "ass eat <player>'s ass",
      "Make your best deepthroating sound",
      "If you have a toy suck/lick on it until your next turn.",
      "Edge for your next 3 turns if you fail group gives you a punishment.",
      "Kiss <player> passionatly",
       "Sit in <player>'s lap nude(IRL or In-Game) for 1 round. (or longer)",
       "Tease <player> until they squirm or let them tease you until you squirm.",
        "Turn <player> on by any means.",
        "Change your status to (in want to be punished) for an hour",
        "Hydration check, drink some water and reroll.",
        "Choose a number 1-100. First person to guess it gets to make you do any one thing.",
        "Smash or Pass all players in this instance",
        "Edge for the rest of this round.",
        "Remove one piece of clothing.(IRL)",
        "Let the person you choose decide your dare.",
        "If you have a Lovense let the person you like the most control toy for 1 round. (otherwise, use a battery toy and let them choose the speed/force)",
         "Give all your friends that are playing a hug",
         "moan outloud the name of the person who says your name first(they get to choose if its their real name or username)",
         "For the next 2 rounds you must speak in a sudductive/flirty tone",
         "Act out one of your kinks.",
         "For 1 round, you are free use to anyone in the room.",
         "If you have a vibrator let the group decide where it goes and leave it on for 3 rounds. (otherwise, reroll)",
         "Flirt with the first person to raise their hand, if no one raises their hand you pick.",
         "[Challenge] : See who you can fluster, If you fluster someone they must take a dare from you.",
         "Share a nude/spicy pic with the person to your right.",
         "Pick someone to have a makeout session with, if you get turned on you have to tell them",
         "Describe your perfect sexual encounter to the group... in detail.",
         "The first person to say your name after this dare gets (head) from you.",
         "Whisper seductively into <player>'s ear or remove and item of clothing(IRL or in-game).",
         "Sit in <player>'s lap and makeout with them.",
         "YOUR GETTING TOUCHED LIL BRO,<player> gets to choose who touch you for 30 seconds.",
         "Play with <player>'s pussy/ass/tits/pp for one round.",
         "FRIENDLY FIRE, NEXT PERSON has to do 2 dares",
         "pick someone in the lobby to erp, and act out your kinks",
         "Pick a player to give a massage for 2 rounds. (they choose the type of massage)"
          ]
}